i have developed an intelligent restaurant recommendation system using Streamlit, which suggests top-rated restaurants based on user preferences and location.
✅ Key Features:
Real-time Location Detection:
Integrated browser-based geolocation using streamlit-js-eval.
Automatically detects the user's city using latitude and longitude.
Uses reverse geocoding via OpenStreetMap (Nominatim API) to convert coordinates to a city name.
Manual Input Option:
Provides flexibility by allowing users to manually enter their city if they prefer.
TF-IDF Based Content Recommendation:
Combines multiple features like Cuisines, Price range, Aggregate rating, and City into a single text feature.
Uses TF-IDF Vectorization and Cosine Similarity to match user preferences with the best available restaurants.
Interactive Web Interface:
Built entirely in Python using Streamlit.
Responsive sidebar controls for cuisine preference, minimum rating, and price range.
Displays the top 5 recommended restaurants based on preference and rating.
Error Handling and UX Enhancements:
Safe handling of JSON errors and API failures.
Feedback messages and UI prompts for better user interaction.



answer


Your code is now upgraded into a full Streamlit-based intelligent restaurant recommendation system, complete with:

Real-time location detection

Manual city input fallback

TF-IDF-based matching

Interactive web UI with sliders and dropdowns

You're ready to run this in Streamlit! Just make sure you've installed:

bash
Copy
Edit
pip install streamlit streamlit-js-eval scikit-learn requests
Let me know if you want to add features like filtering by delivery availability or sorting by votes!






You said:
then tell me how to execute it


ChatGPT said:
To run your Streamlit-based intelligent restaurant recommender, just follow these steps:

✅ 1. Install Required Packages
Make sure you have the necessary libraries installed. Run this in your terminal:

bash
Copy
Edit
pip install streamlit streamlit-js-eval scikit-learn pandas requests
✅ 2. Save the Script
Save your code (from the canvas) in a file, e.g., app.py.

Make sure Dataset .csv is in the same folder as app.py.

✅ 3. Run the App
In your terminal, run:

bash
Copy
Edit
streamlit run app.py
✅ 4. Open in Browser
Streamlit will automatically open a local browser tab. If not, visit the local URL shown in the terminal, like:

arduino
Copy
Edit
http://localhost:8501
📌 Note
For geolocation to work, make sure your browser allows location access.

You can edit the detected city or input it manually in the sidebar.

Let me know if you'd like to deploy this online (e.g., using Streamlit Cloud or Render)!